fix 增加9月常见问题， (#726)
taptap/tds-docs: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/sdk/start/faq.mdx

</details>

### application id is empty 

> Please ensure that the TapTap SDK initialisation code is in the main thread to avoid this issue and subsequent functionality exceptions, such as login not being able to access the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please ensure that the code for initializing the TapTap SDK is in the main thread to avoid this issue and subsequent functionality exceptions, such as not being able to access the network when logging in.
```
